How would you control access to a cloud network?
Cloud-based applications usually have it easier to offer access to the applications. In addition, Access Control provides centralised management, visibility, and control without the cost and complexity of traditional physical access systems.  Also, they provide integrations with the software company uses for its operations, visitor management, and door scheduling. Most of us work in hybrid environments where data moves from on-premises servers or the cloud to offices, homes, hotels, cars and coffee shops with open wi-fi hotspots, which can make enforcing access control difficult  it  did deploy ELK monitoring slack in my cloud network (Virtual Machine) which is allowed to collect logs, find internal IP, and  build statistical data. Also,configuration has been made  by creating NSG, Vnet and resource , which allows traffic to pass between my vNets and regions. In addition,the solution was to Secure my  VM by using a single  IP address and deny all access.
VPN services secure public internet connections via encryption, Connection for Remote Work.. it ‘s bypass Geo-locked content and can firewalls. Then, it prevents Bandwidth Throttling . It may decrease your speed. Then,  isn’t Legal in All Countries. 
However , using the wrong VPN can put your privacy in danger and not all Devices natively support VPNs



Question 2: Corporate VPN
What are the advantages and disadvantages of using a corporate VPN, and under what circumstances is using one appropriate?
Virtual Private Network (VPN) is a tool that helps internet users guard their privacy, protect their personal information and gain anonymity. It creates a secure, private network connection to the internet by routing a user’s internet traffic through VPN servers .Secure Connection for Remote Work. VPNs help these people remotely create a secure connection with their office network to access files and other resources required for their job. Prior to the COVID-19 pandemic, most employees working in an office environment were able to connect to the internet through an Ethernet connection. Now more and more people have shifted to remote work. A VPN gateway is a specific type of virtual network gateway that is used to send encrypted traffic between an Azure virtual network and an on-premises location over the public Internet


Question 3: Containers
When is it appropriate to use containers in cloud deployments, and what are the security benefits of doing so?

Cloud-native applications rely on containers for a common operational model across environments, including public, private, and hybrid. The low overhead and high density of containers allow many of them to be hosted inside the same virtual machine and makes them ideal for delivering cloud-native applications. In addition, Containers can provide better security and governance. It turns out that security and governance are platform-specific, so they are best left outside of containers. This means you can centralise security and governance, reducing overall complexity. However, disadvantages of Container as a Service (CaaS): Extracting business data from the cloud is dangerous. Depending on the provider, there are limits to the technology available. Security issues: Containers are considered safer than their Microsoft counterparts but have some risks.

Question 4: Cloud Infrastructure as Code
What are the security benefits of defining cloud infrastructure as code?
As infrastructure as code (IaC) adoption rises and more companies come out of the woodwork to address IaC security, we often find ourselves discussing the challenges and advantages that come along with IaC. IaC, similar to any other emerging technology, can introduce new ambiguities about where infrastructure is being provisioned, who owns it, and how it’s being governed. As we’ve learned, those complexities can result in security errors and misconfigurations that can eventually lead to real-world risk. Our goal as a security industry is to help teams mitigate those risks , in addition, IaC allows you to meet the growing needs of infrastructure changes in a scalable and trackable manner. What is infrastructure as code? Infrastructure as Code or IaC is the process of provisioning and managing infrastructure defined through code, instead of doing so with a manual process.





